content/project/example/index.md, before:

---
title: Example Project
summary: An example of using the in-built project page.
tags:
- Deep Learning
date: "2016-04-27T00:00:00Z"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash
  focal_point: Smart

links:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  name: Follow
  url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: example
---

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Duis posuere tellus ac convallis placerat. Proin tincidunt magna sed ex sollicitudin condimentum. Sed ac faucibus dolor, scelerisque sollicitudin nisi. Cras purus urna, suscipit quis sapien eu, pulvinar tempor diam. Quisque risus orci, mollis id ante sit amet, gravida egestas nisl. Sed ac tempus magna. Proin in dui enim. Donec condimentum, sem id dapibus fringilla, tellus enim condimentum arcu, nec volutpat est felis vel metus. Vestibulum sit amet erat at nulla eleifend gravida.

Nullam vel molestie justo. Curabitur vitae efficitur leo. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Sed pulvinar mauris dui, eget varius purus congue ac. Nulla euismod, lorem vel elementum dapibus, nunc justo porta mi, sed tempus est est vel tellus. Nam et enim eleifend, laoreet sem sit amet, elementum sem. Morbi ut leo congue, maximus velit ut, finibus arcu. In et libero cursus, rutrum risus non, molestie leo. Nullam congue quam et volutpat malesuada. Sed risus tortor, pulvinar et dictum nec, sodales non mi. Phasellus lacinia commodo laoreet. Nam mollis, erat in feugiat consectetur, purus eros egestas tellus, in auctor urna odio at nibh. Mauris imperdiet nisi ac magna convallis, at rhoncus ligula cursus.

Cras aliquam rhoncus ipsum, in hendrerit nunc mattis vitae. Duis vitae efficitur metus, ac tempus leo. Cras nec fringilla lacus. Quisque sit amet risus at ipsum pharetra commodo. Sed aliquam mauris at consequat eleifend. Praesent porta, augue sed viverra bibendum, neque ante euismod ante, in vehicula justo lorem ac eros. Suspendisse augue libero, venenatis eget tincidunt ut, malesuada at lorem. Donec vitae bibendum arcu. Aenean maximus nulla non pretium iaculis. Quisque imperdiet, nulla in pulvinar aliquet, velit quam ultrices quam, sit amet fringilla leo sem vel nunc. Mauris in lacinia lacus.

Suspendisse a tincidunt lacus. Curabitur at urna sagittis, dictum ante sit amet, euismod magna. Sed rutrum massa id tortor commodo, vitae elementum turpis tempus. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Aenean purus turpis, venenatis a ullamcorper nec, tincidunt et massa. Integer posuere quam rutrum arcu vehicula imperdiet. Mauris ullamcorper quam vitae purus congue, quis euismod magna eleifend. Vestibulum semper vel augue eget tincidunt. Fusce eget justo sodales, dapibus odio eu, ultrices lorem. Duis condimentum lorem id eros commodo, in facilisis mauris scelerisque. Morbi sed auctor leo. Nullam volutpat a lacus quis pharetra. Nulla congue rutrum magna a ornare.

Aliquam in turpis accumsan, malesuada nibh ut, hendrerit justo. Cum sociis natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Quisque sed erat nec justo posuere suscipit. Donec ut efficitur arcu, in malesuada neque. Nunc dignissim nisl massa, id vulputate nunc pretium nec. Quisque eget urna in risus suscipit ultricies. Pellentesque odio odio, tincidunt in eleifend sed, posuere a diam. Nam gravida nisl convallis semper elementum. Morbi vitae felis faucibus, vulputate orci placerat, aliquet nisi. Aliquam erat volutpat. Maecenas sagittis pulvinar purus, sed porta quam laoreet at.

Commit message:

Initialized Overview page and Project page

content/project/example/index.md, after:

---
title: Myoelectric and Inertial Measurement Unit for Robotic application and Smart System
summary: - Read sEMG and IMUs data from Myo armband from gateway device for filtering and categorizing different hand gestures.
- Utilized MQTT protocol to bridge connection with microcontroller to remotely control robotic arm.
- Implemented gesture-based appliance control with HassIO. 
tags:
- IoT, Smart System, Assistive Technology, Signal Processing
date: "2016-04-27T00:00:00Z"

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ""

image:
  caption: Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash
  focal_point: Smart

links:
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  name: Follow
  url: https://twitter.com/georgecushen
url_code: ""
url_pdf: ""
url_slides: ""
url_video: ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides: example
---

Electromyography (EMG) has been widely used for detecting a person's hand poses and remote control applications. However, the traditional EMG-based control systems have limitations such as short controlling range, and supporting the limited number of devices. There is a need for a more advanced system that can deal with the limitations while maintaining a high quality of services such as high accuracy level and controlling complex devices. Hence, we present a real-time and remote control Internet-of-Things system using EMG signals together with motion-related signals such as acceleration and angular velocity. A user wearing the Myo-band at his/her arm can remotely control devices via 8 different hand gestures. The entire system was implemented and tested via two use cases of home assistant and robot arm control. The results show that the presented system could achieve a high level of accuracy e.g., 100% accuracy for simple control and 90% accuracy for complex cases. This system can be a potential approach for smart home controlling and assisting disabled people.
